From Hanselman it's dot com.
It's Hansel minutes, a weekly
discussion with web developer and
technologists and Scott Hanselman hosted
by Carl Franklin. This is Lauren's
Ryan announcing show number 94.
Recorded live Friday, December 21st, 2007. Support
for Hanselman it's is provided
by teller. Rad controls. The
most comprehensive suite of components
for windows forums and asp.net
web applications. online@wwwdottelerik.com. Support is
also provided by dotnet developers
journal. The world's leading.net developer
magazine online at www dot
dot com. In this
special holiday episode, Scott rolls
the tape as a technical
discussion with Chris cells and
Rory Blythe degrades. It's a
pure poem. Sit back, relax
and enjoy. Hi, this is
Scott Hanselman. This is another
episode of Hansel minutes. This
very well may be the
worst episode of the year,
but since it's the end
of the year, that's okay,
we'll start next year. Fresh.
I'm sitting here in my
home office with Chris cells
and of, of Microsoft who
is laughing at me. I
feel so motivated to do
a good job now, and
I love the way you've
motivated your listeners to pay
special attention by lowering their,
their expectations early on in
the show. What does that
mean? W you were, you
were shaking the mic and
it was just, it was
distracting. And I think it's
gonna result in a poor
recording sound geeks. That is
Rory blood to my right
Roy formerly of Microsoft. Now
gainfully unemployed. I don't know
if gainfully is the right
word, happily unemployed. I think
it'd be the right way
to put it. I work
in my basement and I
spend pretty much all hours
of the day, writing, recording,
video, having a basement. Well,
I live in the basement
crest. And so it is
technically my basement. I can
dig a hole and get
lower down. It might be
a seller, but I do
live in a basement. So
I am now stupider for
having heard that exchange. Well,
we're living up to that
bar. You said at the
very beginning of the show,
it's a holiday, it's a
holiday show next week I'll
be interviewing my dad. So
how are you gentlemen? People
are thinking that this is
an episode of Carl. Franklin
is Monday, Mondays, as opposed
to Hansel minutes. Let's not
waste their time. I'm sorry
is like the McLaughlin group,
Rory most important thing in
technology today. It's wrong. It's
windows, media server next time,
right? Seriously. Are you coding
at all? Lori? It's not
exactly that I'm coding. I
start coding really professionally a
few years ago, but what
I am doing right now
is I've been my Mac
all the time and I
find objective C cumbersome and
irritating. I'm sure the Mac
guys love it because after
so many years of their
other messed up languages and
APIs, it's the greatest thing
in the world. But I've
been writing back and forth
actually with the Apple tools
developer team. And, and I've
been trying to urge them
to create a Python like
language so that people can
get a much higher level
access to a simplified abstracted
layer over the top of
cocoa. Isn't that what it
is, isn't that what Apple
script is? Do they already
have that Apple script is
like, you actually type it
in English, you know, could
you please go get me
a file? And it doesn't
make sense. I can't stand
it. It's like, it's like
SQL, but even higher level.
I don't like that. I
want a bit of structure.
And once I want some
meditation, I want some consistency
and I want access to
the Coca libraries or to
an abstracted simplified layer over
the top of the cocoa
libraries. And I'd like to
see a better GUI designer.
So now we're into the
Hansel minutes of it, but
what is the cocoa libraries?
Okay. The cocoa libraries is
the well they're called cocoa
now, but technically they are
leftover from the next step
days. So it's a framework,
not@allinlikethe.net framework through what you
access all the various functionalities
of iOS 10 and, and
each class actually begins with
NS going back to next
step. This stuff is old,
but a lot of Mac
developers don't seem to know
that. So they're very excited,
really hopped up about it
where I find it frustrating.
Sometimes I want to scream
and objective C is just
weird, although it's better than
C plus plus in my
opinion. So objective C is
the language that they're programming
and do they have, I
mean, they have a garbage
collector or what's the lifestyle
like, okay. So with version
two of objective C it's
only taken like 50 years
to get it. But with
version two, they've gone from
reference counting to garbage collection,
which I thought was a
nice little move because Chris,
he could probably correct me
all over the, all over
the map about this, but
it seems like reference counting
is not too far, or
I should say garbage collection
is not like a huge
long cry from reference County.
Well, so reference County is
one form of garbage collection.
I assume they're using some
variation of Mark and suite
garbage collection in objective C
2.0, but I don't actually
know In the previous version,
I'm talking about a fully
manual, of course, just reference
County. They didn't even track
object references for you. Right.
You had to do it
yourself, which was so pointless.
Yeah. So as Chris asked,
it is, it was manual
reference counting, which was frustrating
because you're sitting there, you
realize what you're doing. It,
it all happens in that,
you know, first in first
out kind of irritating way
where you just look at
it and you think this
should be happening automatically. So
when I went and I
was trying to mess with
objective C and Coco and
manual reference counting, I got
really, really irritated. Plus there's
a, there's a QE builder
that makes absolutely no sense
to me, everything everything is
done using what does it
model? I don't view controller
controller and the interface brother,
But for a simple app,
that's such overkill. It reminds
me of messing with swing
where you can't just have
a control. You've got to
composite everything yourself. You can
even have a fricking scroll
bar without adding it and
coding against it. It's irritating.
Well, this just sounds like,
I mean, this doesn't sound
like horribly controversial. This seems
like this was MFC and
you've got resources that have
dialogues and you've got the
document that talks to the
view. Well, I'm a C
was really, it was the
view in controller we're unified
and then we have the
document. So it was really
document, view document. Yeah, sure.
But I'm just saying that.
So, you know, they have
dialogue resources to worry about
and they have, you know,
that doesn't seem too much
like VC too much, unlike
visual C six, which was
not necessarily a dark time.
But So MFC was, was
actually built almost before C
plus plus, I mean, C
plus plus itself had a
bunch of features that were
still under development while they
were building MFC. So MFC
duplicated a bunch of those
features in as library features.
And so if you wanted
to use those features like
type information, right? If you
want to use type information
at runtime, that was elaborated
feature in MFC, as well
as eventually a C plus
plus feature as part of
the language itself. So it's
actually, it sounds like exactly
what you're talking about. There
that's an excellent analogy. It
also sounds a lot like
objective C on the Mac
with the next step stuff
sounds a lot like C
plus plus and comm, right?
You built a bunch of
layer classes and you, you
didn't program against the thing.
Cause the thing was too
ugly. So you programmed against
the layer on the thing
and what you're saying, and
of course this is always
better, right? You want to,
this is what happens over
time, right? We adoptive set
of features that we like,
and we first build them
in libraries to see if
we like them and the
languages don't support them directly.
And then we push them
into the language itself. I
mean, you can see that
in every actively developing language,
right? This is a good
thing. And eventually the, what
happens is the languages get
simpler. W w we get,
we moved from things like
a C plus plus to
C sharp. And then of
course C-sharp itself is evolving
over time and it's getting
better and getting more features,
right? For example, the link
stuff is, is a dream
it's a joy to work
with. And that was, that
was the thing that didn't
exist, right? That, that kind
of programming style functional programming
in, in that net didn't
exist until then On last
week's show, I had Paul
Vick on architected VB, and
I asked him, how was
it controversial for him to
get XML literal support into
the language? I mean, because
at that point you're taking
the pure, you know, the
quote unquote purity of some
programming language, and then tying
it to some thing in
this case, angle brackets and
the whole concept of XML.
And he thought it was
very pragmatic and he felt
like he was walking a
little bit of a tight
rope between a purist point
of view and a pragmatic
point of view, but always
leaning towards the pragmatist. So
I can, I can see
that. And I've heard just,
just be quiet for a
minute. I have to say
right to both of you
guys, you were talking about
Scott, how this is not
a total disaster. Those weren't
the words he used, but
the, the show or the
language, the language, the, the
problem is if I want
to write a quick, dirty
little app, just utility to
do anything, any little thing
I want, for example, use
stickies on your Mac, right?
Sticky is the little app
that lets me see post
it notes on the screen.
Right? Okay. You can't without
doing a manually have separate
stickies databases where I like
to have a bunch of
stickies that I save and
then I archive. And then
I started with a whole
new set of sticky. So
I wrote an app several
years ago that did this
for me. Right. But I
don't want to go back
and do it again because
just to do that was
so cumbersome. And I want
to see something where I
get to use the language.
Like I say, it's like
Python, I want to have
a simple high level language
that forces some sort of
aesthetic standard. Well, give me
the functionality and the simplicity
of being able to code
against the framework without having
to worry so much about
anything. I hate includes. I
hate them. I am so
sick of having to see
include a STD IO, anything
I don't want to see
this stuff. This is like,
so 1942, it's just, how
is that different than saying
using system dot XML? Because
using systems that XML makes
sense to me. It's okay.
So you've just completely obsoleted
the last 15 minutes of
this podcast, because max don't
make sense to you. That's
what you're saying. Well, that
actually that's exactly what I'm
saying. And I think that
that's why I haven't to
use your word obsolete obsoleted
the past 15 minutes of
this interview, the idea is
that I understand it makes
it makes sense to somebody,
but I want to see
a system that's modern. I
don't want to see a
system like any other weird
hacky C language. It's all
built on top of C,
right? It's all ultimately just
plain old C I hate
that. That just pisses me
off. I want to see
something new and simple and
pleasant and yeah, they've got
real basic out there so
that if you really want
to, you can, you can
use visual basic six style
language, which nobody wants because
it's that irritating mix of
procedural and an object based
programming that never goes away.
And you don't know where
anything's coming from. You have
no idea where these functions
lie. You don't know what's
an object. You don't know
what's a function that's sitting
in some weird library that
gets included automatically. Oh no,
hang on. I'm taking the
microphone away from you. So
I'm sorry. All I heard
there was that you don't
think objective C is a
good thing for Mac people
to build their platform on,
Oh, they can use mano
and C sharp and Coco
sharp or whatever, or whatever,
you know, C plus plus,
or Python or Ruby, or
I want to see a
nice, officially supported a dev
system from Apple. I don't.
And there's several reasons why
I think that might do
this. Might not do this
one. It's that it takes
a while obviously to create
a development. They have several
officially support gives me sales.
I'm talking here, sales, I'm
talking. So when is he
an officially supported a solution
out there and Oh, stop
it. So the, but the
problem is that I think
if there were an easier
way to develop apps, then
people might flood the market
with their third party apps
and, and wind up with
another. Totally. Yeah. I don't
think that's the reason that
the Macintosh isn't loaded with
third grade. I just want
to say, I don't think
that's the reason either cells,
but I'm just saying that's
something to think about because
the OSTP 10 community is
still pretty nicely done. And
if you want to go
to app, you can find
one. Okay. I don't want
to have to go out,
go to CNET and trudge
through thousands of applications to
find that one FTP client
that I think is going
to all right. Okay. There
you go. You can talk.
You can fetch. So with
all due respect to Rory,
and I feel that we've
now offended the format listeners
that are listening to this
show. Thank God that I
would like to say this
though. I pray. I will
go personally down to panic
headquarters. Panic is the maker
of transmit the greatest and
only FTP client. And I
will sit down and do
a podcast with my friend,
Steven, Frank, who I went
to college with, who is
the owner co-owner of panic
writer of transmit and statue
and Coda. And talk about
object. We'll do a magic
show by someone who actually
makes a living and has
a company of 11 people
working on Mac stuff in
objective C. And we'll see
if he agrees with the,
the, the pain and the
horror and the kind of
post-apocalyptic wasteland that you've painted
for us. Roy. One more
thing thing is though Matt
guys, and Chris could probably
tell you this, coming from
carbon, for example, anything is
going to look better, right?
So my guys think that
Coco is this wonderful dream
where they've got this great
modern language, but it's still,
That is the thing that
they, they call the old
Mac toolbox. Right? Right. Yeah.
And it was also the
bridge between nine and 10.
I programmed on the Mac
toolbox. And it was when
I, when I was moving
from the Macintosh as my
user interface and Unix as
my, as what I programmed
in for living and I
moved to windows 3.1, it
was a shock. Listen, to
bring windows 3.1, this historical
context, this is important for
right. You're only 12 years
old. You don't know these
things. And people, adults like
Chris and myself need to
talk about the historical context
in which these things exist.
Please, Chris, continue. I don't
know if I want to
be put into the category
of adult here, but what
I'm saying is that the
only thing I could stand,
the only thing I could
stand about windows was the
API. When 32 is an
API compared to do we
programming under Unix, compared to
gooey programming on the Mac
was at least 10 times
better. And the tools were
always better. And it's, and
now with C sharp and.net,
I don't know what they
have over there, but it's
hard to imagine it getting
too much better. I wouldn't
agree with that at all.
Like I said, it's still
feels like it still feels
like swing to some extent,
which drove everybody in Saint
over how to use it,
except for the diehard Java.
People who don't know any
better. And again, the other
thing I'm arguing is that
the Mac, people just don't
know the difference there. They've
been dealing with the old
messages You were agreeing. You're
saying the programmatic API to
the Macintosh Sox. I think
you agree. And I was
saying that I much prefer
the wind windows way of
programming, gooey to the max.
Okay. Well, here's the deal
though. I tend to discount
most of what you say
because I'm Chris sells. I
wrote calm with my pinky
and notepad. It's just, you're
not a really, you're not
a reliable source of information
about what's easy. What's difficult.
What makes sense? And what
doesn't you heard it here
for her folks, Chris, cell's
not a reliable source of
information about computer. Wow. I
went from adult to that.
I didn't think I did
Give me worse. I'm glad
that you've just kind of
most of what Christmas. Wow.
Let me see here. That's
15 minutes. I think It's
a little early to stop
the show. Well, we haven't
said anything. You haven't actually
created problem. This is really,
really the worst show of
the year. I think we're
still, we're still there. This
is what I specialize in.
This is what I do.
Leaving a trail of slime.
It's really destruction. I feel
like if people learn something
from me, then I haven't
done my job. And again,
I'm stupid here for having
heard no worry. And Chris
and I we're we're, we're
actually, we're not close at
all. We rarely see each
other. I still can't get
over that. Your first date
with your wife lasted three
weeks. It was a really
good date. I'd say, wow,
she's a really nice, I
like her a great deal.
I only did it last
three weeks. It's not like
you met. And then you
couldn't bear to be parted
for three weeks. No, you
planned it. You booked that.
You'd never dated before. And
he said, I know let's
take a three recut cross
country chip as our first
date. And then she said,
what a good idea. We
did not initially set it
up as a date. It
was just friends. See, we
went across the country. We
don't have a cross country
trip in Portland to Denver,
Denver to Arizona. We fell
in love around Detroit. Well,
you know, you're downtown Detroit.
You found them in Detroit
because all you had left
was each other like Detroit.
You're huddled under a pylon.
I love you. Oh, I
have dedicated listeners in Detroit
and I love them. And
I don't want those listeners
to feel anyway, because I'm
a nice guy. I will
never say anything bad about
lovely downtown Detroit. What's the
first thing anybody from Detroit
will tell you. They'll tell
you don't stop in downtown
for anything run. All the
red lights don't even stop
for the cops. They're dangerous
too. And these people just
as much as you and
your wife they've I mean,
these people were really fun.
Little tribes. It's like it's
beyond Thunderdome out. There is
what I'm saying. I was
actually, this is true story.
We were actually staying in
an 1897 old Victorian former
crack house. Truett's actually in
Detroit, a friend of ours,
a Victorian Cracker From the
period, 1887 authentic period level
of track record. There's a
historical crack house. No, but
my, my, my wife's friend
would take these multiple houses
and basically buy them up
for like a dollar on
an auction, strip them down
and rebuild them up again
and turn them from crack
houses into Like heroin or
methadone. No, no. They would
put Areas and stuff in
there. It was a, it
was a habitat for humanity
thing. And we were watching
sliding doors with Gwyneth Paltrow
and a good flick and
fell in love and got
married three months later. But
thank you for cheapening. My
first, my first date with
him. Oh yeah. If you
think I was cheapening it,
you just missed the hand
gestures that Rory was using.
This is so not where
I want my show to
be. I promise a fresh,
all new for 2008 is
sliding doors, Gwenyth Paltrow, and
Minnie driver. See what I'm
talking about? I don't even
remember her in that movie.
And I'm a mini driver
fan. I mean, I just
watched girls point blank the
other day. So I did.
I got it. Actually, I
got it on the Xbox
download movie thing. I'd never
seen it. It's that doesn't
move your rock. Thought it
rocks because of John Cusak.
And I actually have my
John Cusack say anything poster
inside that my wife would
let me put it out.
Now that I think of
it, the best semen that
will be in the closet,
the best, the best thing
in that movie. So reminds
me a him of, of,
of you, me, of you,
The best scene in the
movie reminds of me Scott,
of who? John Cusack. Because
John Cusack reminds you of
Scott Hanselman. Yes. In this
one scene because he's so
anal during the conversation. So
many drivers like, Oh, come
on. No, no, no. You
remember when anal is the
wrong word, I want to
say precise. Precise is Lloyd
dabbler. You're talking about, so,
so many drivers like, Oh
no, this just goes by
blank. Yes. How come there
are things that you didn't
learn that are wrong, right?
You just don't kill people
in a civilized society. He's
doing his job. And he
did it impassionately, dispassionately, I
should say. But I thought
he's a professional. This is
the woman he loves about
to walk up the door.
And he has just has
to say the right thing
to get her to stay.
Right. And what does he
do? He starts correcting her
historical perspective. Right? What societies
are we talking? What civilizations
are we talking about? You
know, governments are just a
PR theory at this point.
And she's, she walks out
the door. You think there's
one guy in this room
who would not do that?
You're right. It's that? Does
Scott think it's fair to
say that every one of
us would say, what's this
the Ottoman empire, what are
we talking about? Which of
us in this room could
possibly resist getting to correct
somebody on anything. We're all
pedantic. We're all precise. I'm
still uncomfortable with your use
of impassionate earlier in your,
and your very quick changing
of that to dispatch it
and thinking that I'm somehow
going to edit that out
later, it's not going to
happen. Well, the fact is,
look, let's just establish something.
Here you go out to
Google and you search for
the smartest man in the
world. It goes to me,
okay. If I want to
make up impassionate, I can
do that. This is my
business. Like the Stephen Colbert
or the technical set. You
know, I am Cole bear.
And you can too. Speaking
of Stephens, Stephen Hawking is
number three in that search.
I am two places up
from Stephen Hawking. You searched
for the smartest man in
the world. And you're two
above Stephen Hawking. I am
number one, Stephen Hawking is
number three. Clearly. There's something
wrong with intercept net search.
Yeah. This just proves that
Google is not useful at
all. Now live search though.
I don't know. There's the
Microsoft's microphone, Florida. I'm only
allowed to use live search.
So while I was there,
I became sort of distantly,
theoretically aware of live search
and never quite got around
to I wasn't one of
those guys who searched everything
twice, Google and live at
the same time, domain insane.
Plus you search for Roy
on life. What am I
like bottom first page result.
And then that was crap.
Obviously broken. That's what I
thought that was broken. If
I'm not the number one
search result. And I was
not on Google for a
while, but I'm pretty sure
I'm back. Yup. And for
a while, a couple of
days ago, I was a
first page result for $20
bill. I'm so glad that
your ego, The level of
your, your kind of self
confidence and your general, like
the litmus test of how
good is role, how well
is Roy? You know, you
know what I just realized,
the only technical content we
had in this entire show
is talking about You. You
said, Oh, let's not have
that conversation right now. I'm
going to go talk to
somebody who really knows. And
then it's all been about
Ego. It's about an upset
by our fragile egos, our
inability to have relationships with
Correcting people. No, I don't
think that's going to Google.
I think all of us
have very healthy ego. I
agree. I agree. In fact,
the one thing that relieves
me, you're talking about big
egos. My ego just barely
fits comfortably inside of your
8,000 square foot house in,
in the, in the Roy,
in the Rory sphere. It
is amazing. I heard it
squeaking as I walked in
the door, as it tried
to get through the doorframe,
you, you rub on it
and get static and all
the other houses in the
neighborhood clean to it. The
problem is I have is
the echo So much space
in this house. There's just,
the echo is kind of
distracting. I'm sorry. I couldn't
hear you over the echo.
I liked my house. We
worked very hard for it.
We've worked very hard for
our house. It's also neat.
It is, it is more
done than the house I've
lived in for the last
two years. This was bizarre.
I came in this earlier
today and we fed you
and thank you for your
very much welcome. And, and
you've said to my wife
that in three weeks of
having, we just moved in
three weeks ago, it's unpacked.
And you thought that that
was strange. Cause your house
you've been in there for
about 20 years, It was
strange that you would live
like that. I was just
saying how much better you
live in Hawaii? Unpack yet
you live in your house.
How many years? Right? It's
been more than two. Wow.
Almost constantly re renovating the
entire time. Moving boxes for
less. Well, I like to
think of it as the
Winchester mansion, my own personal
Winchester mansion. So, And do
you have any doors that
open into Brick walls? Staircases
that go nowhere we do
have right now, one door
that opens into a room
with no floor. Yeah. That's
awesome. I actually do have
a staircase that goes nowhere.
They've, it's a duplex. They've
sealed off this stairway to
go upstairs, to keep me
out of the Upstairs. Do
you like ever since somebody
upstairs to get something, Oh,
run upstairs and get me
That, you know, I would
do that if people would
come over, but people don't
come over. For example, best
friend Felix will not come
over because I didn't have
a couch. I had made
a sofa out of my
setup mat and my exercise
bench. And that wasn't good
for anybody. I couldn't have
anybody ever, but I did
remember I got my furniture
yesterday. I got a furniture.
Yes. Nice. He should learn
about slipcover. They're really nice.
I've got a CA I
can, if I want to,
I can take this thing
apart and make it pink
tomorrow if I want, if
I wanted to. So wait,
is it a sofa or
a loveseat? It's a, it's
a, it's a sofa with
a sheds lounge at the
end. So it's a two
cushion sofa, not a three
cushion couch. Wasn't it? It's
like two cushions of the
sofa plus the third cushion
that belongs. So it's a
Davenport. I don't know. I've
never had a furniture before.
I've never had one and
I'm, I'm new to this.
I just put, I put
it together myself. I did.
I was manly. I used
tools. Yeah, I know. But,
but you said shows mainly
hang right out the window.
Doesn't it. You have a
shares though. Let's be fair.
This is the only country
in the world where people
try to avoid saying quest
song, everywhere else. Even if
they massacre, they would never
say croissant. That is the
ugliest word in any language,
croissant, croissant. That's how they
see it at the drive
through at burger King. I
love it. When I go
to like Chipotle and the
guy academies, like I'd like
a beef burrito with some
chimi Chavez and some Carnegie
Satta. Well, that's how it's
pronounced. It is pronounced croissant
though. I got, I'm going
to punch you as soon
as you speak French though.
Right? We need to Bethel
and say just we just
sweet. So I have no
nothing. I know it's because
you're turning me on over
here.  I've never wanted
you more. That is now
my ringtone. Yeah. Get that
on my face. I got
nothing to say remote. Seriously.
You must have to do
some massive editing to pull
anything at all useful or
interesting out of this podcast,
afraid that this is the
93rd show and it is
just devoid of content. And
what little, what little technical
content is in here is
about objective C a language.
I still don't fully understand,
even though Roy took up
10 minutes talking about it.
Okay. Let's think about this.
Right? First of all, Roy
added the only technical content
to this. Second of all,
you think this is you
think this is useless. You
give me the raw files.
I'll cut you guys out
and I'll pull this out
on my side as a
soliloquy, just me talking to
myself about beautiful, wonderful things
in a French accent and
saying stuff that is interesting.
My readers, my readers and
listeners and watches my, my
crowd. They would love this.
It's completely worthless for your
podcast, Scott, but you should
definitely send it to Rory.
Okay. This is very interesting.
I want to, I think
Rory just touched on something
very briefly. I want to
talk about, because I know
you, Chris, you have to
go, but we're you said
my readers, like, like a
possessive sense in the sense
of you are in some
way. What's the word? Awesome.
All right. That's the word
you're looking for past maybe
year completely. I've done my
best to transfer my, my
users from being, or convert
my user, my readers from
being technical, to being interested
in it, painful for them
at all. Have they had
to unlearn a bunch of
stuff or people get really
confused? Like if I, if
I do a post to
my all caps, idiot voice,
they think I'm going crazy.
Which happened a long time
ago. Of course, they obviously
didn't notice anything I'm schizophrenia,
which I'm not on bipolar,
which is totally different here.
Or watch the tick. Do
you remember? The tick was,
the show is like a
superhero show and the very
best superhero on the tick
was bipolar bear. And here
we go. This is their
second job for bipolar bear,
but I don't feel like
getting up today. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt
you rolling. Whenever I hear
bipolar, I think of bipolar
bear. That's fine. He pissed
me off. I go try
polar on you. I mean,
I got, I got some
problems with stance, but listen.
Okay. So I changed. My
readers is as best I
could from being technical to
being into the creative stuff,
because I want to be
clear. You didn't actually change
their new people. I thought
he converted the people like
the people who didn't care
about. Cause Rory, as a
blogger, isn't saddled with content
and he's got a ton
of content. Have you been
to his site? But by
changing his readers, he means
swapping them out for people
who care less. What I'm
doing is I'm trying to
build a, I'm trying to
build a reader base so
that I can go to
a publisher and take fruit.
I'm putting together a book
right now. I've assembled my
first book and I'm working
on a second and now,
well, that's what I've been
doing in my basement, right?
And when I go to
the publisher, I'm not gonna
be one of these little
English lit staring at my
shoes. I'm writing the great
American novel idiots, right? I'm
going to go in and
I'm going to use all
the negotiation skills. I picked
up as an independent at
Microsoft anywhere. And I'm going
to walk in there. I'm
going to tell me that
I don't need the money.
I'm going to basically spit
on the table. And I'm
going to say, you can
either make money off of
me or you don't. And
I'm walking this offers on
the table for the next
10 minutes. But as, as
the world self proclaimed smartest
man alive, that's Google that
proclaim that go ahead though.
As the Google proclaimed smartest
man alive, wouldn't it make
sense for your novel to
be called the great American
novel? I mean that just
just seem they seem to
go together that the smartest
man alive would write the
great American. And of course,
you know, the, the byline
is by the smartest man
alive, right? The great American
novel by the smartest man
alive. I haven't decided on
a title yet. But back
to the backs of the
readers, the point is that
when I walk in to
negotiate, I'm going to say,
look, I already have several
thousand people, you know, who
are very dedicated to reading
this stuff. And there's a
market there of a couple
of my readers have already
offered to steal it when
it comes out. So I've
got, I've got the market.
You have to do Abby
Hoffman. Is that what I'm
hearing? Who's having Hoffman. I
don't read books. I just
write. Okay. I don't know
what these people do. I
don't know any other. You
are the bipolar Stephen Colbert.
He's smart. And you're the
smartest. Stephen Colbert is really
quite smart. I know he's
pretty smart. Wow. I really
apologize. Sincerely. This has been
another very, very sad episode
of Hansel minutes. I think
this was episode 93. You
see the tear in my
eye right here. I'm I'm
actually a little nauseous. I
will hopefully next week interview
my dad. He's going to
talk about what it's like
to, to raise someone like
me. I think it could
be a nice Christmas show.
Actually. That would be pretty
cool. My dad's a really
cool guy. I will, I'll
have him over and we'll,
we'll do a show and
I will hopefully forget the
show. As soon as I
don't put this up. Horrible.
This would be bad for
you. Thank you, Chris cells.
And, and hello, Rory. Thank
you, Scott. All right, we'll
see you next week on
Hansel minutes.